# Readme  for "Fine‐tuning language discrimination: Bilingual and monolingual infants’ detection of language switching"
Created by Esther Schott (esther.schott@mail.concordia.ca), inspiration for r script sharing from Rodrigo Dal Ben

This repository contains the analysis code associated with the research manuscript *Fine‐tuning language discrimination: Bilingual and monolingual infants’ detection of language switching*. You can find the associated OSF project, including raw data files and the stimuli used in the studies, at: https://osf.io/9dtwn/

### Repository overview

**01_Scripts** - this folder contains the scripts used to generate the analysis and manuscript, along with a Groundhog package library for reproducability. To run the analysis, open the ```LittleMix.Rproj``` file located in the root folder using RStudio and then run the ```ms.Rmd``` file.

- ```groundhog_library.R``` This is the library of specific packages and versions used in the original analysis script, to make reproducibility of the analysis more straightforward.
- ```ms.Rmd``` This file contains the manuscript for Fine-tuning language discrimination
- ```LM-04-analysis.Rmd``` The analysis script executed by ```ms.Rmd``` that does analyses etc.

- ```Supplemental.Rmd``` This file contains the table of word pairs, as well as additional analyses presented in the supplemental materials

**02_data** - this folder contains info on word pairs - for data, see ```03_output/processed data```

```LittleMix_stimuli_word_pairs.csv``` specific word pairs used in English-French and English-Spanish version of the study

**03_output** this contains the processed data & output

- ***processed_data*** - This file contains preprocessed data
  + ```agg_data.Rdata``` data summarized by trial type for all keepers. csv file is available as well
  + ```study1_participants_anonymized.Rdata``` Demographic info for all tested participants in Study 1, as well as inclusion status. csv file is available as well
  + ```study2_participants_anonymized.Rdata``` Demographic info for all tested participants in Study 2, as well as inclusion status. csv file is available as well

- **figures** - this folder figures generated by the analysis script.

- ***tables*** - this folder contains tables generated by the analysis script as well as info about double coding.

  - ***Double_coding***
    + ```Corr_offline.rdata``` used for reporting correlation between offline and online looking time data
    + ```summary_errors.rdata``` used for reporting errors (trials that last longer/shorter than expected)


